docs: spacefinder debug mode (#513)
guardian/commercial-core: docs/spacefinder/readme.md

## Style and layout of dynamic ads

On desktop, the first inline ad sits inside the body of the article copy. All subsequent ‘inline’ ads on desktop sit in the white space to the right. On mobile they're all part of the content column.

## Debugging

> > “sfdebug=1 is looking for a slot for inline1. The other is looking for the other inline slots.”

Reviewer: Perhaps we could include a little more context?

```suggestion
> Adding `sfdebug=1` to the URL shows information about `inline1` ads. Adding `sfdebug=2` shows information about the other inline slots.

Further reading: https://github.com/guardian/frontend/pull/24618
```
